KEP-5607: Add implementation content for v1.36 (#5745)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-node/5607-hostnetwork-userns/README.md

Users might upgrade the container runtime to a newer version on some nodes first, but pods could still be scheduled onto nodes that do not support this feature. In such cases, users can leverage [Node Declared Features](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/5328-node-declared-features) to avoid this problem. Specifically, the new `UserNamespacesHostNetwork` field in CRI-API's `RuntimeHandlerFeatures` will allow the kubelet to report whether the node supports this combination, enabling the scheduler to make informed placement decisions.

## Design Details

The `UserNamespacesHostNetworkSupport` feature integrates with the NodeDeclaredFeatures framework to ensure that Pods requiring the combination of `hostNetwork: true` and `hostUsers: false` are only scheduled onto nodes that explicitly declare support for this feature. The feature relies on the `UserNamespacesHostNetwork` field in CRI-API's `RuntimeHandlerFeatures` to determine whether the container runtime supports this combination.

**Node Feature Declaration:**

> The kubelet will check the `UserNamespacesHostNetwork` field in CRI-API's `RuntimeHandlerFeatures` field in the CRI-API to determine if the container runtime supports the `UserNamespacesHostNetwork` feature.

Reviewer: Oh, cool :)

If either the container runtime or the underlying container runtime does not support this feature, the container will fail to be created. To mitigate this issue, we will keep this feature in the alpha stage until mainstream container runtimes (containerd/runc) and mainstream underlying container runtimes (runc/crun) both support it, before promoting it to beta.

> Users might upgrade the container runtime to a newer version on some nodes first, but pods could still be scheduled onto nodes that do not support this feature. In such cases, users can leverage [Node Declared Features](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/5328-node-declared-features) to avoid this problem. Specifically, the new `UserNamespacesHostNetwork` field in CRI-API's `RuntimeHandlerFeatures` will allow the kubelet to report whether the node supports this combination, enabling the scheduler to make informed placement decisions.

Reviewer 2: CRI is an interface, so:
```suggestion
Users might upgrade the container runtime to a newer version on some nodes first, but pods could still be scheduled onto nodes that do not support this feature. In such cases, users can leverage [Node Declared Features](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/5328-node-declared-features) to avoid this problem.
Specifically, the new `UserNamespacesHostNetwork` field in CRI's `RuntimeHandlerFeatures` will allow the kubelet to report whether the node supports this combination, enabling the scheduler to make informed placement decisions.
```

And add a parameter to `PodValidationOptions` so that if the `UserNamespacesHostNetworkSupport` feature gate is disabled, and the pod has already used the combination of `hostNetwork: true` and `hostUsers: false`, then we should allow updates the pod.

> To ensure pods are not scheduled to nodes that do not support this combination, we will add a new field `UserNamespacesHostNetwork` to the CRI-API's `RuntimeHandlerFeatures`. If the CRI implementation supports the combination of user namespaces and `hostNetwork`, this field will be set to `true`. This allows the kubelet to report node capabilities via Node Declared Features, enabling the scheduler to avoid placing such pods on unsupported nodes.

Reviewer 2: I'd call it CRI, not CRI-API.
